README.md, before:

[![Snapshot build](https://github.com/HeroBrine1st/E621/actions/workflows/snapshot-build.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/HeroBrine1st/E621/actions/workflows/snapshot-build.yml)

# E621

Android client for e926.net and e621.net

This project is a work in progress. It may contain bugs, slow code or even features. Use at your own
risk, but it is harmless as this client is mostly read-only :-)

Development is focused on internal code changes (like cleaning up code - that's what I do the most -
and fixing bugs), but new features are rarely seen too. Get latest
snapshot [here](https://github.com/HeroBrine1st/E621/actions/workflows/snapshot-build.yml) (select
last passed workflow and see artifacts). Keep in mind that snapshot builds aren't compatible with
release builds (they use different signing keys), but you can reinstall if you want.

# Features

TL;DR you can browse, search and save ("Favorite" button) posts and view wiki. This client is mostly
read-only and has some harmless bugs.

- [x] Search posts
    * [x] Search by arbitrary tags
        * You can use ``~`` (OR), ``-`` (NOT) and meta-tags (for example, ``type:png``), as tags
          sent to the API almost as is. Underscores are hidden and instead replaced with spaces in
          UI.
    * [x] UI to sort search results (`order` meta-tag)
    * [x] UI to filter by rating (safe-questionable-explicit)
    * [ ] UI to filter by file type
    * [x] Search favourites
        * [x] Server-side
        * [ ] Local
    * [ ] "Micro-search" (fast local search though current results)
- [x] Safe mode on search screen (i.e. if you somehow open search results without rating filter,
  e.g. your existing favourites, safe mode is useless, but on new account/without account it is ok),
  enabled by default with disclaimer on disable.
- [ ] Autocomplete tags
- [x] Authorization
    - [ ] Authorization by regular username and password (I'm not sure it won't break ToS, but it is
      possible without any difficulty... I think)
    - Also I do not recommend to use it without account because of API which may not send some
      fields on it's own, although it is rarely (but stably :/) observed even with account.
- [x] Blacklisting
    - [ ] Fancy UI to configure blacklist
    - [x] Support for extended syntax (still incubating)
- [ ] Hiding posts at the click of button
    - Analyzing hidden posts to build new blacklist entries? (just an idea, it is not planned yet)
- [x] Favorites
    * [x] Add and remove
    * [x] View
- [x] Post screen
    * [x] Comments
        * [x] Read
            * [x] Formatting (but issues are still there, especially with old posts like from 2010)
        * [ ] Write
    * [x] Tags
        * [x] Add to/exclude from search
        * [x] View wiki
            * [ ] Formatting
- [ ] Up/down score
- [ ] Possibility to make changes visible to another users, like tag editing, commenting etc
    - It is planned, but not in priority

## File types supported

- [x] JPG
- [x] PNG
- [x] GIF
- [x] WEBM
- [x] MP4
- [ ] SWF - flash won't be supported neither in near nor far future (but PRs are welcome if they're
  safe in terms of vulnerabilities which Adobe Flash had)

# License

This application is released under GNU GPLv3 (see [LICENSE](LICENSE) and [NOTICE](NOTICE)). The used
libraries are released under different licenses, mostly Apache 2.0 and some under BSD 3-clause and
MIT License.

If you found any violation of your copyright, contact HeroBrine1st Erquilenne. See details below.

# Contact

To directly contact me, HeroBrine1st Erquilenne:

1. Make an issue - optional, but it will speed up my answer and so highly recommended, as I don't
   check email inbox every day.
2. Write to project-e621-android@herobrine1st.ru - be advised that I will respond you from other
   email address as this address is a proxy address (I'm just too lazy to set up a proper e-mail
   server).

Note that this email address is not for bugs, feature requests and anything that can be discussed
publicly. Use Github Issues instead.

P.s. (If you're curious) I use email on own domain primarily to protect from spammers: that is, I
can easily block spam and know which site leaked my email, potentially improving my security by
detecting leaks before they get into public, for example, when only addresses are got to spammers
and remaining data is still being processed.

Commit message:

Enforce safe mode on posts screen

README.md, after:

[![Snapshot build](https://github.com/HeroBrine1st/E621/actions/workflows/snapshot-build.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/HeroBrine1st/E621/actions/workflows/snapshot-build.yml)

# E621

Android client for e926.net and e621.net

This project is a work in progress. It may contain bugs, slow code or even features. Use at your own
risk, but it is harmless as this client is mostly read-only :-)

Development is focused on internal code changes (like cleaning up code - that's what I do the most -
and fixing bugs), but new features are rarely seen too. Get latest
snapshot [here](https://github.com/HeroBrine1st/E621/actions/workflows/snapshot-build.yml) (select
last passed workflow and see artifacts). Keep in mind that snapshot builds aren't compatible with
release builds (they use different signing keys), but you can reinstall if you want.

# Features

TL;DR you can browse, search and save ("Favorite" button) posts and view wiki. This client is mostly
read-only and has some harmless bugs.

- [x] Search posts
    * [x] Search by arbitrary tags
        * You can use ``~`` (OR), ``-`` (NOT) and meta-tags (for example, ``type:png``), as tags
          sent to the API almost as is. Underscores are hidden and instead replaced with spaces in
          UI.
    * [x] UI to sort search results (`order` meta-tag)
    * [x] UI to filter by rating (safe-questionable-explicit)
    * [ ] UI to filter by file type
    * [x] Search favourites
        * [x] Server-side
        * [ ] Local
    * [ ] "Micro-search" (fast local search though current results)
- [x] Safe mode on search and posts screen (i.e. you can open explicit post from your browser, but
  cannot open in through search within app), enabled by default with disclaimer on disable.
- [ ] Autocomplete tags
- [x] Authorization
    - [ ] Authorization by regular username and password (I'm not sure it won't break ToS, but it is
      possible without any difficulty... I think)
    - Also I do not recommend to use it without account because of API which may not send some
      fields on it's own, although it is rarely (but stably :/) observed even with account.
- [x] Blacklisting
    - [ ] Fancy UI to configure blacklist
    - [x] Support for extended syntax (still incubating)
- [ ] Hiding posts at the click of button
    - Analyzing hidden posts to build new blacklist entries? (just an idea, it is not planned yet)
- [x] Favorites
    * [x] Add and remove
    * [x] View
- [x] Post screen
    * [x] Comments
        * [x] Read
            * [x] Formatting (but issues are still there, especially with old posts like from 2010)
        * [ ] Write
    * [x] Tags
        * [x] Add to/exclude from search
        * [x] View wiki
            * [ ] Formatting
- [ ] Up/down score
- [ ] Possibility to make changes visible to another users, like tag editing, commenting etc
    - It is planned, but not in priority

## File types supported

- [x] JPG
- [x] PNG
- [x] GIF
- [x] WEBM
- [x] MP4
- [ ] SWF - flash won't be supported neither in near nor far future (but PRs are welcome if they're
  safe in terms of vulnerabilities which Adobe Flash had)

# License

This application is released under GNU GPLv3 (see [LICENSE](LICENSE) and [NOTICE](NOTICE)). The used
libraries are released under different licenses, mostly Apache 2.0 and some under BSD 3-clause and
MIT License.

If you found any violation of your copyright, contact HeroBrine1st Erquilenne. See details below.

# Contact

To directly contact me, HeroBrine1st Erquilenne:

1. Make an issue - optional, but it will speed up my answer and so highly recommended, as I don't
   check email inbox every day.
2. Write to project-e621-android@herobrine1st.ru - be advised that I will respond you from other
   email address as this address is a proxy address (I'm just too lazy to set up a proper e-mail
   server).

Note that this email address is not for bugs, feature requests and anything that can be discussed
publicly. Use Github Issues instead.

P.s. (If you're curious) I use email on own domain primarily to protect from spammers: that is, I
can easily block spam and know which site leaked my email, potentially improving my security by
detecting leaks before they get into public, for example, when only addresses are got to spammers
and remaining data is still being processed.
